SigilApp Technical Document

You are an industry leading program manager. Your job is to walk me through the creation of SigilApp, using the following technical document. Start from the very beginning, from setting up an environment to architecting each necessary step of the process. You will provide guidance and oversight of this process so that I, the user, can learn how to do this on my own, and in a way that will lead to a usable app. I want my code to be synced with a github repo. I want to use poetry. Tell me how to completely set up my environment within an already-cloned git repo on my local machine that has a remote repo on github.
Overview

I want to create an application that can be used on Android and Apple phones. The app should have a backend in python, so I would like to use the Django framework if possible. The purpose of the app will be to provide a mobile solution for practitioners of magic and witchcraft to create sigils for their own magical practice. The app needs the following pages:
Login – allows a user to sign up and login to their account
Forgot Password/Reset Password – allows user to send password reset link to email
Dashboard – a dashboard with links to saved sigils or a link to make a new sigil
Sigil Detail – every sigil will live on the Sigil Detail page. Saved sigils will also be accessed through the same.
User Account
The View Details sections will contain a deeper description of each of these fundamental pages.
User Flow

The following section will outline the standard user flow for the app, once installed on a user’s phone the user will go through the following process of creating a new sigil and then either saving the sigil – which will allow it to be shared as an image, or “digitally burning” the sigil and there by deleting it from a phone.

The user logs on to view their dashboard.
In the case that the user wants to create a new sigil, they will click on the New Sigil button.
The New Sigil button will lead to a new Sigil Detail page. This page will provide the user with two action items. These action items are:
Use the free text field to type in a new incantation. Below the text field will be a button that will be grayed out until the field contains text. When the field does contain text, the button will become un-grayed. This button should say, “use this incantation.” The incantation will be limited to a maximum of 128 characters. When the user clicks the button that says “use this incantation” the text will become locked in place.
Once the text is locked in place, client side will send a call to the backend view for the Sigil Detail page for a function that will process the incantation. The algorithm for processing the incantation will be to remove all vowels, then keep only one copy of each remaining consonant. Each remaining consonant should be stored in a set in the order in which it first appeared in the incantation. After the incantation is automatically processed, a menu will appear and ask the user what shape they would like the letter arranged in. The user will have two options, the first option will be to select a “Circle”. If the user selects this first, circle option then the remaining consonants from the processed incantation will be arranged evenly around the circumference of a circle on a blank drawing area of the Sigil Detail app. They will be displayed, clockwise, around the circumference of the circle in the order in which they appeared in the incantation. The other option will be to select a “Polygon.” If the user selects a polygon, then the user will be asked to specify how many sides they would like on the polygon, with a lower limit of two. The app will then call back to the Sigil Detail view file to have the letters assigned, successively in the order in which they appeared in the incantation, to successive points of a polygon. This will be displayed as groups of the remaining consonants drawn around each point of the polygon with the described number of sides. 
When the selected display is then rendered by the app on the drawing area, two buttons, which will have been placed upon the opening of the sigil detail page next to the “use this incancation,” will become un-grayed. The left most button will say “try again”, and the button to the right of it will say “use this layout.”
If the user selects, “try again” the app will return the flow that allows them to select a circle or a polygon. However, if the user selects, “use this layout,” the app will then lock screen scrolling and allow the user to draw, with their finger on the touchscreen, a sigil on the drawing area. At this point the drawing area will contain the remaining consonants that have been arranged per the user’s choices.
When the drawing area contains rendered lines which the user has drawn, a button will become un-grayed that says, “use this sigil.” There will also be a button that, when the drawing area contains lines, will allow the user to undo the last line when clicked. This will say, “undo the last line.”
When the user is satisfied with the sigil and selects “use this sigil,” the drawing area will become locked. Then two buttons at the top of the view will become ungrayed. The button on the left will say, “digitally burn your sigil.” This will play a burning animation while deleting the Sigil Detail page and the sigil from the users phone and the backend database. The other button will say, “Save Sigil.” This will turn the sigil into a low resolution jpg and store the jpg locally, on the user’s phone. If the phone does not have the available storage for this file, a dialogue box will appear telling the user as much. It will not save sigil to the backend table.
Finally, if the user chooses to save the sigil, there will be a share button that accesses the users media sharing infrastructure within their phone to allow them to send the sigil as an image. Otherwise, the user may navigate back to the dashboard with a button that says, “Back to Dashboard.” Once there they can begin a new sigil.
Views
Login: this will allow the user to login or sign up. It will require an email.
Reset password: this will allow a user to reset a password using the email they provided on signup. 
Dashboard: this will be the landing page after a user logs on. It will show a scrollable grid view of their saved sigils. It will also have a link to the User Account page. A user will be able to access the details of a sigil by clicking on one of the gridwall items. The user will also be able to click on a button that says create new sigil to create a new sigil from scratch.
Sigil Detail: this view will have all of the interactions that will allow a user to create and then either burn or save a sigil. See the above flow for the required contents for this page. It should be laid out cleanly. It should contain the drawing area in the center. And all other necessary buttons should be laid out in a logical, nice looking way.
User Account: This view should contain all of the account information collected from a user when they sign up for an account. It should allow them to change their email address and password as well as their user name and any other user detail that is reasonable. It should also allow a user to delete their account.
Technical Details
For the MVP of SigilApp I do not want the backend to do much of anything. However I want to build the backend on the django framework in order to provide the basic foundation to add more features onto the app as time progresses. I would like the front end to be written in Flutter so that it is compatible with both Android and IOS devices. I would like the server load to be as minimal as possible; and I think what the minimal requirements I have provided here, that should be fine. The codebase needs unit tests to be written in conjunction with the development of the code. I want to use poetry and eventually docker so that I can ensure that I have tight control over library versions and that my app will run on whatever server I choose. I would prefer to host the backend on google cloud platform. 
Pricing and Business Case
SigilApp will provide an unmet need in the digital marketplace for a high quality, yet affordable app that will allow magical practitioners to use the power of sigils. Sigils require a substantial amount of work to create and, while not ideal for all situations, allowing a witch or magician easier access to quick sigils for their practice will provide genuine goods to the marketplace. I do not want in-app ads and I want the user to pay one price to use the app. However, I would like the ability, in the future, to collect the text content of the incantations, location and time data, and compressed file versions of user sigils.

The app will be priced at between one and two dollars, which is below its nearest competitor. I believe that this app will have a higher quality experience, however. To that end, I need a way to very carefully curate the visual and auditory experience of the app. Making the app feel magical is crucial. If the front end solution, Flutter, is not amenable to that then I am happy to use another front end interface, including game engines. However, I would prefer to use a game engine that has no licensing fee and is compatible with IOS and Android devices.

Using the app should be fun and pleasurable. I want to provide the ability for users to set their own themes and color schemes within the app so that they feel it is a genuine magical place of their own creation, which is perfect for their magical needs.
